day 1
1)What do you mean by Git and Git hub
Git is a distributed version control system.
 Distributed because each of its user will have a local repository(own copy)
 Version control because it will manage different versions that the user may create
It is open source because it provides the flexibility to modify its source code according to user's need.


Github is  is a code hosting platform for collaboration and version control.
It is a cloud-based hosting service that lets you manage Git repositories.

2) Why github is so popular and is used in most of the projects?
1.Easy project management
2.Easy code hosting
3.Improved code writing
4.Code safety
5.Keeps track of all changes made

3)What is a version control system? How git is VCS?
A version control system is a system that keeps track of all changes that user have made .
Each time a change is made, it is stored as a version.
Hence Git is VCS because it manages the different versions so that you can recall a specific version later

4) what are the other platforms similar to Github?
SourceForge
Apache Allura
Gogs
AWS CodeCommit
Phabricator

5)what are you interested  in learning of git and github.
I am interested in learning git and Github because the management of source code is very easy and less time consuming.
Also the Github is very user friendly and yet efficient to use.
I think i can handle my projects in more organised and better way through these platforms


day 2:
1)what do you understand by repository,in context to git?
Ans:Git repository is a  .git/ folder inside a project.
This repository tracks all the changes made to files in your project .
It keeps track of which files are added, changed,renamed or removed

2)how does git work? Share with us its whole workflow in most precise way possible?
Ans:There are 4 fundamental elements
1.workspace(working dir)
2.index(stage)
3.local repository(HEAD)
4.remote repository
Clone: clone will create local copy of the repository in your workspace
Add(-u): add a file that is in the workspace to index. After that file is staged i.e. marked to be commited but not yet commited
Commit: all files that are staged , all their changes will be saved to the local repository.
Push: it pushes your changes that are into local repository to remote repository.
For the opposite flow:
Fetch: get files from remote to local repository but not in local directory
Merge: it will take changes into local repository and get it to your workspace.
Pull: get changes directly from remote repository to workspace(no need of merge and fetch then)
Diff HEAD: difference between files in your local repo and workspace
Diff: difference between files in your workspace and index

3)link of repository you created and pushed your project in

https://github.com/renuka142/texts.git