Aim of the task:
Setting up Git and Github environment

1. What do you mean by Git and GitHub?

ANS: Git is a distributed version control system. It was developed by Linus Torvalds in
2005 for Developers working on the Linux Kernel and is being maintained by a large
community across the world. Every Git working directory is a full-fledged repository
with complete history and full version-tracking capabilities, independent of network
access or a central server.
Github on the other hand is a Web User-Interface with a Cloud Hosting Service that
allows for the maintenance of Git Repositories on Cloud. Github provides a whole host
of services that are conducive of Project Management with Issue Tracking and deploying
the Application with CI/CD Pipelines.

2. Why GitHub is so popular and used in most of the projects?
 
ANS: following are some reasons why github is so popular:
1) GitHub is an open-source platform, and the community is really what fuels it.
There are millions of programmers and hobbyists that download, review, and evaluate each other's work.
2)Exposure and insight that you can get on GitHub are simply unmatched by any other platform.
And this goes the other way around, you can discover code written by others, learn from it,
and even use it for your own projects.
3)Versions control on GitHub works much like on MS Office or Google Drive
Having such a version history is a must when you collaborate with someone on the same project.
Especially when the number of contributors surpasses double digits.
4)Using GitHub eliminates the need for complex corporate security solutions.
The platforms protect all your data for you: protects code branches,verifies commit signing, controls access.

3. What is a version control system? How Git is a VCS?
ANS: Version control, also known as source control, is the practice of tracking
and managing changes to software code. we can also say that version control system manages the
versions of our project/software.
Suppose we are working on an android app we launch the 1.0 version after some time we want some.
changes we start working on 1.1 like that we update our main version into different versions
so if we try to manage all the history of versions developed by us, it becomes very lengthy.
So here version control system came and did this for us. As Git also manages our projects we
Can say that git is also a version control system.  

4. What are the other platforms similar to GitHub?
ANS: Github alternatives are :

* Gitlab
* BitBucket
* SourceForge
* Launchpad
* Google Cloud Source Repositories

5. Why are you interested in learning of Git and Github?
ANS: I want to work on some projects, learn developing skill, and see how real-world deal with projects.
For all this, the basic and main step is to learn what is Git and Github.
That's why i am interested in learning Git and Github.
